# Metric-Trading-Comp
Project Repo for Competition Related Activities and Resources
Revision 1. 24/01/21

1. Metric.exchange Stable Release.
1.1 0x APIs - Do we have everything we need to rank the top 25 traders by USD vol?
1.2 Trading Dashboard - @SHA2048 to create. Suggest link at top of main page to separate dashboard page with list of Top-25 addresses?
1.3 Fee Structure Revisions - Currently 0.5%(?) for non-holders, 0% for holders of 1k METRIC. Suggest revision to 0.5% for non-holders, 0.25% for holders of the requisite quantity of METRIC. As there is only c. 400k METRIC in circulation perhaps it would be sensible to reduce the quantity required to between 200 and 500 so that up to 1-2 thousand users could enjoy the reduced rate? @UrbaneGrandier to gather consensus and put to Snapshot vote. @SHA2048 to update code to suit.
1.4 Metric Documentation - Landing Page to be updated to reflect stable build at launch of competition.
1.5 Platform Testing - @BUILDERS to spend some time testing metric.exchange on different OS/Browser configurations. bCRED tips to cover gas?

2. Trading Competition.
2.1 Competition Structure: $10000 worth of METRIC (45k METRIC) + 2000 DAI to giveaway over 10 days of trading. 
2.1.2 Overall Winners (29k): ranked by Trading Volume over entire period 1st to 25th (1st 5k METRIC + 1000 DAI; 2nd 4k+500; 3rd 3k+300; 4th 2k+200; 5-15th 1k; 16-25th 0.5k) 
2.1.3 Extra Prizes (6K): Largest Individual Trade (2k), Most Trades (2k), Largest Individual Metric Trade (2k).
2.1.4 Daily Winners (10k): Largest Volume (1k)
2.2 Terms & Conditions - Users must make a trade of any two tokens through the metric.exchange interface, including making or taking an order or by using the swap facility. The trading amount will be converted to equivalent USD value at the time of trade for the purposes of calculation. It is not essential to hold any METRIC in your wallet to be included in the competition, but holding the requisite amount will get the users a 50% discount on trading fees. @UrbaneGrandier to put together T&C documentation for inclusion in the documentation for the duration.
2.3 User Help Portal - TBC. Potential solutions: Dedicated discord server, TG group, chat bot?
2.4 METRIC Liquidity Incentives - while METRIC has reasonable liquidity thanks to the Balancer pool there is practically no liquidity on Uniswap. Is it worth trying to incentivise some additional liquidity there or should we just encourage users to buy on metric.exchange instead?
2.5 LogRocket Subscription - Can a guardian tip @SHA2048 enought bCRED to cover the basic level ($99) of LogRocket subs... say 200 bCRED?

3. Marketing
3.1 Twitter - Propose weekly tweets from metric.exchange official twitter announcing product updates & trading competition teasers. @UrbaneGrandier to send to @0xdev0 to upload.
3.2 Medium - Propose new Medium posts on BUILD page outlining 1. product development & 2. announcing trading compeitition. Dates mid-late Feb. @SHA2048, @nickbtts, @0xdev0, @SonofIshtar to liaise and put these together?
3.3 Telegram - Propose new TG Announcement channel, read-only for normal users. This could simply mirror the twitter and medium posts.
3.4 0x - I believe @nikita mentioned that 0x were going to include some details about the competition in their newsletter TBC.
3.5 Podcasts - @UrbaneGrandier to contact Bankless, the Uncommon Core, the Delphi Podcast, the Defiant, Alpha Exchange, Cryptotesters for quotes.
3.6 Newsletters - @UrbaneGrandier to contact DeFi Pulse, Defirate and The Defiant for quotes.
3.7 Memes - We could do a small meme contest in the memeroom and tip some bCRED for the best memes.

4. Programme & Budget
4.1 Programme - Propose target date for start of competition 1st March 2021. Duration 10 days.
4.2 Competition Budget - Prizes of 45k METRIC to come from METRIC Treasury (Currently at 290k); 2k DAI to come from fees already generated by metric.exchange (currently at 1270 DAI and approx $1000 USDC). Do we think using c. 15% of the METRIC treasury is too much for this? It won't take much to push the price of METRIC up from current rate of approx 20c to about $1 or more and I think $45k worth of prizes is too much for this competition. Thoughts? 
4.3 Marketing Budget - This TBC once I have quotes back for podcast/newsletter advertorial. Will this come from METRIC or BUILD treasuries?
4.4 Procedural - Governance vote required for Competition Budget & Marketing Budget. 

/END
